The origins
===========
During summer 2005 Marco and Giulio Cesare felt the urge to spend more time
thinking and writing with no constraints about the idea of the “web as a
platform”. Quite soon they focused on few topics that seemed central to this
very idea: privacy and information security. The Clipperz blog was launched to
share their visions and get feedback and insights from other people.

Then, being entrepreneurs at heart, they envisioned a path to make the
Internet the most convenient and safe place to store and share private data.
This weird and counterintuitive business idea seemed sound, so Clipperz became
not only a blog, but also a company: Clipperz Srl was established as an
Italian resident limited liability company in November 2005.

The vision
==========
Over the last decade the Internet has proved to be an unprecedented
communication tool, dramatically altering both social and professional
communications patterns. Nonetheless the advent of the web has made little
difference to the way in which we handle private and confidential information.

We got used to trust online services with our data (photos, text documents,
spreadsheets, …), but Clipperz proves that this is not necessary: users can
enjoy a web based application without the need to trust the web application
provider.

Clipperz was founded on the firm belief that security is just another form of
intelligence which needs to be built on the edge of the Internet. More
specifically, we wanted to design and implement a security architecture within
browsers and other terminals used to access the Internet.

Clipperz aims to satisfy the need for confidentiality which is innately
present in most human activities.

Our recipe is simple: trasforming the browser into a new ubiquitous “number
crunching” platform, capable of executing strong cryptographic algorithms.
Clipperz exploits Ajax and browser-based cryptography to build applications
that users can wholeheartedly adopt to manage their private data.
